{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red79\green129\blue189;\red51\green51\blue51;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author RichardT}
{\*\company  }}\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12520\viewh14960\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\sl276\slmult1\sb200\qc

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 Criterion A: Initial investigation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\sl276\slmult1\sa200

\b0\fs22 \cf0 Eamonn Carson\
IB ITGS \
Mr. Dodge\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\sl240\sb100

\b\fs24 \cf3 1. Describe the problem you are considering for your project. What is the present situation?
\b0 \
The client's problem concerns a website (carsonlineage.com) for her religious group that displays information, testimonials, meeting times, schedules, and other religious functions. The present situation is that there is a website; however, the client states that she feels that it looks dated, and also that much of the information on the website is incorrect. I have examined the code and some of the webpages and there are some issues. Some of the texts linked to by the site are actually images, which means that the text cannot be selected \'a0(most notably, email links are images rather than links). There is not consistent styling on the site. Also it seems that there is no separation between style-sheet and content: styles seem to be retyped for many pages.\
This problem requires an IT solution because the information must be presented in an easily accessible way online and presented properly. The client will want the site completely remade, only salvaging the textual content from the previous website, so I will have to build the site from the ground up.\

\b 2. What are the inadequacies of the present situation?
\b0 \
Generally the client wants two things\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri-1\sl240\sb100
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 -	To recreate the site visually\
-	To update some of the content on the site\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1\sl240\sb100

\b \cf3 3. Who will be your client that you will perform the work for? Have you already spoken with your client to discuss this issue?
\b0 \
The client who I will perform the work for is Karen Carson, my mother, who is leader of the Carson lineage at the local church and thus owns the website for the Carson lineage. I have spoken with my client for 30 minutes on the issues, and we went over the entire site.\

\b 4. Who are the end users who will benefit from your project?
\b0 \
The end users who will benefit from this project are members of the Carson lineage (basically a church group) who wish to check schedules, and members of Shinnyo-enn (the church) who wish to view translated versions of Shinnyo buddhist text.\
}